Recipe of the day's soup
potimarrons today the potimarron is going
serve us both ingredients but
also soup yesterday we will put the soup
inside to serve her if any
soup tureens you already have porcelain
can just make a soup with the
whole pumpkin without when v
peeling since his skin are eaten
serious things start on
cut a pumpkin hat
watch your fingers
it's very hard mission successful
or how to combine cooking sport on
remove the seeds the simplest it is
to go there by hand, but you can
use a spoon
we go and emptied the pumpkin for
recover the flesh leaving little
close to 5 mm of flesh
we
in fact be careful not to drill
the skin because under stone with no holes
serves points to much in fact it's
the same principle as for the pumpkin
halloween
except that we will not give him
nor a mouth we will return
chopped onion in olive oil
the onion came back we will add the
sweet potato all that is the flesh of the
pumpkin salt is added pepper and
a pinch of cumin is added water to
height it's gone for 40 minutes of
baking
after miss mans the soup is cooked
it's time to unsheathe the mixer
plunging
pour the soup into the stone souk
pumpkin soup epr is a type of
parsley for the touch of decor I put back
the lid the guests will discover this
that it is once at table for others
recipes click here
come back tomorrow there is a recipe all
the days and if you do not want to lose
a crumb subscribe